core-node-docs:mqtt-broker-config (#2118)
FlowFuse/website: src/_includes/core-nodes/mqtt-broker-config-use-case.md

> ## What's the MQTT-broker config Node in Node-RED Used For?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the MQTT-broker config Node in Node-RED Used For?
```
